## Weekly meeting

| | |
|-|-|
| Where | In person & Google Hangouts |
| Attendees | All contributors |
| When | 10 October 2017 20:00 GMT+03:00 |

Discussions:
1. Discussed the design plans for detail view.
1. Use case diagrams should be put to wiki as they were missing.
1. Saving pictures to DB is prune to errors. Need a better solution.
1. Mobile milestones and it's requirements have been discussed. We decided that API should be completed first.

Action Items:
1. [ ] Add use-cases to wiki
1. [ ] Filtered search research
1. [ ] Admin should extend Customer (Use-case)
1. [ ] Push notification on application will be discussed
1. [ ] Annotation Proof-of-Concepts (POC) will be developed.
* Simple annotation POC
* Selector POC & Research
* Picture annotation POC
1. [ ] Picture content provider will be implemented.
1. [ ] Mobile development will begin. Login/Register will be implemented.
1. [ ] REST api will be desgined and partially implemented.
